in southern Gaza a car is reduced to
rackish blood stains the
ground isra drone missile struck this
vehicle killing three
Palestinians Witnesses say they were
caught of
G we were going our way and two shells
hit the area right here we came quickly
to recover the marters we extracted the
remains of three Martyrs there was also
one injured
man the attack was carried out only 700
M from the Kuwaiti Hospital in Rafa the
injured were rushed inside on
stretchers the latest drone strike on
civilian is a reminder that nowhere is
safe in Gaza schools and educational
institutions are now joined by refugee
camps in line of fire the Israeli
attacks are more than an assault and
building a devastating sitb back for the
communities already struggling to
survive Hospital staff say they are not
able to treat the rising numbers of
injures ala hospital is one of the few
remaining in Gaza and is facing severe
shortages of
resources the World Health Organization
says the healthc care system in Gaza is
a close to collapse and called for
civilians to be better protected from
Israeli
attacks as you can see a chaotic scene
uh unfortunately this area uh is close
to an area that was uh evacuated
yesterday an evacuation order was issued
and um they've lost a lot of their staff
this hospital is currently operating
with about 30% of the staff that it had
just a few days ago um they are seeing
in some cases hundreds of casualties
every day in a small emergency
department and our National medical noos
say they are being forced to leave Gaza
due to the risk of a staff being killed
by Israel's bombardment and that's
leaving Palestinians vulnerable and
without crucial
Aid mm Al jaaz RAF Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer